
TODO

coreutils /usr/bin/base64
coreutils /usr/bin/basename
coreutils /usr/bin/chcon
coreutils /usr/bin/cksum
coreutils /usr/bin/comm
coreutils /usr/bin/csplit
coreutils /usr/bin/dirname
coreutils /usr/bin/env
coreutils /usr/bin/expand
coreutils /usr/bin/expr
coreutils /usr/bin/factor
coreutils /usr/bin/fmt
coreutils /usr/bin/fold
coreutils /usr/bin/head
coreutils /usr/bin/hostid
coreutils /usr/bin/id
coreutils /usr/bin/join
coreutils /usr/bin/link
coreutils /usr/bin/logname
coreutils /usr/bin/md5sum
coreutils /usr/bin/mktemp
coreutils /usr/bin/nice
coreutils /usr/bin/nl
coreutils /usr/bin/nohup
coreutils /usr/bin/nproc
coreutils /usr/bin/od
coreutils /usr/bin/paste
coreutils /usr/bin/pathchk
coreutils /usr/bin/pinky
coreutils /usr/bin/pr
coreutils /usr/bin/printenv
coreutils /usr/bin/printf
coreutils /usr/bin/ptx
coreutils /usr/bin/runcon
coreutils /usr/bin/seq
coreutils /usr/bin/sha1sum
coreutils /usr/bin/sha224sum
coreutils /usr/bin/sha256sum
coreutils /usr/bin/sha384sum
coreutils /usr/bin/sha512sum
coreutils /usr/bin/shuf
coreutils /usr/bin/sort
coreutils /usr/bin/split
coreutils /usr/bin/stat
coreutils /usr/bin/stdbuf
coreutils /usr/bin/sum
coreutils /usr/bin/tac
coreutils /usr/bin/tail
coreutils /usr/bin/tee
coreutils /usr/bin/test
coreutils /usr/bin/timeout
coreutils /usr/bin/truncate
coreutils /usr/bin/tsort
coreutils /usr/bin/tty
coreutils /usr/bin/unexpand
coreutils /usr/bin/uniq
coreutils /usr/bin/unlink
coreutils /usr/bin/users
coreutils /usr/bin/wc
coreutils /usr/bin/who


COMPLETE

corefutils /usr/bin/sleep
corefutils /usr/bin/whoami
corefutils /usr/bin/yes
